README.md, before:

# Web Development Project 1 - Tottenham Hotspur Match Tracker

Submitted by: **Emmanuel Ademola**

This web app: **A Tottenham Hotspur match tracker that displays the upcoming matches, their results, and match reports.**

Time spent: **10** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **There is a unique theme for events or resources relevant to a specific community**
- [x] **At least 10 unique resources or events are displayed in a responsive card format**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] Buttons or links to a related resources are on each card component
- [ ] The site is responsive for both desktop and mobile formats

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='https://i.imgur.com/myjCJuD.gif' title='Project 1' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
I had a lot of trouble with the styling of the cards and the responsiveness of the site. I had to spend a lot of time researching and watching tutorials to get the cards to look the way I wanted them to.

## License

    Copyright [2025] [Emmanuel Ademola]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

gifnot showing up in readme file

README.md, after:

# Web Development Project 1 - Tottenham Hotspur Match Tracker

Submitted by: **Emmanuel Ademola**

This web app: **A Tottenham Hotspur match tracker that displays the upcoming matches, their results, and match reports.**

Time spent: **10** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **There is a unique theme for events or resources relevant to a specific community**
- [x] **At least 10 unique resources or events are displayed in a responsive card format**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] Buttons or links to a related resources are on each card component
- [ ] The site is responsive for both desktop and mobile formats

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='https://i.imgur.com/myjCJuD.gif' title='Project 1' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes
For some reason, the GIF is not showing up in the README file. I'm not sure why. I've tried to use the Imgur link but it's not working. I added the gif to the project folder instead, under Kapture.gif.

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
I had a lot of trouble with the styling of the cards and the responsiveness of the site. I had to spend a lot of time researching and watching tutorials to get the cards to look the way I wanted them to.

## License

    Copyright [2025] [Emmanuel Ademola]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
